feat: Support zero days (#11723)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/support/customer-support.md

## Support isn't just about tickets

Supporting our customers isn't just about solving tickets, and we don't judge the success of support engineers solely by how many tickets solve. Instead, we free up support engineers to spend at least one day a week as a _Support Zero_, when they can work on other tasks which help users. These tasks can include working on their quarterly goals, analyzing team performance, building new support features, tasks from our Big Ideas list, or whatever else they think will help us move faster.

### Zero day rotation

The current rotation for Support Zero is: 

**Monday:** Nobody <br>
**Tuesday:** <TeamMember name="Steven Shults" photo /> (NA) & <TeamMember name="Luke Belton" photo /> (EU) <br>
**Wednesday:** <TeamMember name="Joshua Ordehi" photo /> (NA) <br>

> **Thursday:** <TeamMember name="Ben Haynes" photo /> (NA) <br>

Author: adding some breaks as this currently this looks a bit squashed + unreadable IMO

### Nailing a zero day

Customers are our number one priority! But, Support Zero days are our opportunity to continue building a better support experience away from directly solving customer problems. It's inevitable that on a zero day, there'll be some tickets that we've been working on that would breach their SLAs during the day. But we want to try and give as much space as possible to focus on zero day work, so here's a summary of how our team approaches and prepares for a zero day:

- In advance - say for half a day before - and if the ticket queue allows it, we avoid taking on higher priority work or in-depth investigations. Consider shifting focus to 'quick win' tickets, or tickets where some initial information gathering from the customer is needed which another support engineer can then progress.
- At the beginning of the day, triage any open tickets that are assigned to you. Internal ticket notes really help here! In roughly this order:

>   - likely you can delay any work on tickets that won't breach their SLA until the next day
> respond to any 'quick wins' - tickets that take under a few minutes to resolve
>   - consider un-assigning any tickets that will breach but need low enough context that another support engineer could reasonably continue with them (share context in an internal note if it helps!)
>   - use the 'Zero Day' Zendesk macro to send a holding response in cases where the customer can reasonably wait a day for a response - our customers are generally lovely and very understanding provided we keep them updated!
>   - respond to any remaining tickets because what's left is likely to be the stuff that really needs looking at!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Things that won't breach: tickets that won't breach their SLA until the next day can remain assigned to you.
  2. Things that are quick to respond to: respond to any tickets that will only take a few minutes to resolve.
  3. Things that require low context: Un-assign tickets which are assigned to you that will breach during the next 24 calendar hours. You should only do this for tickets that another support engineer could reasonably pick up with low context (consider sharing context in an internal note!).
  4. Larger investigations and long-running tickets: use the 'Zero Day' Zendesk macro to send a holding response in cases where the customer can reasonably wait a day for a response - our customers are generally lovely and very understanding provided we keep them updated!
```

>   - respond to any remaining tickets because what's left is likely to be the stuff that really needs looking at!

Reviewer: I'm not sure there are any 'other' tickets?

> - During a zero day, check every few hours for any of your assigned tickets reopening, and which could need a fresh triage. Consider some notifications to alert you when your assigned tickets reopen??

Reviewer: Yea I dunno about notifications for this. I think we should consider notifications for high priority tickets in general rather than at a zero day level.

> - During a zero day, check every few hours for any of your assigned tickets reopening, and which could need a fresh triage. Consider some notifications to alert you when your assigned tickets reopen??

Author: yep that had crossed my mind too

```suggestion
- During a zero day, check every few hours for any of your assigned tickets reopening, and which could need a fresh triage.
```
